expand the contributor guide (#1908)
brigadecore/brigade: docs/content/topics/contributor-guide/workflow.md

> `git checkout main` to return to the `main` branch and
> `git pull upstream main` to sync with the latest changes from the canonical
> repository.

## The Review Process

Once your PR is open, Brigade project maintainers will prioritize and review
your proposed changes. Our continuous integration process will also run a
battery of automated tests against your PR to help validate your proposed
changes. Maintainers may accept your PR, request amendments (additional changes)
to it, or, in rare cases, reject it.

Project maintainers have ultimate responsibility for what changes are merged
into the project. Please be patient if it takes some time for your PR to be
reviewed or if changes are requested. This is all a normal part of the quality
control process and it is essential to preserve the confidence that Brigade's
users have placed in Brigade and its maintainers.

## Tips for Opening a Successful PR

* Make sure your PR's description clearly and succinctly summarizes the changes
  proposed by your PR.

* Resist the temptation to bundle _unrelated_ changes into a single PR.
  Discrete PRs are easier for maintainers to review and sign off on.

> * A larger PRs is more likely to be merged if it references and address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A larger PR is more likely to be merged if it references and addresses
```
